title*Here's how to crack the cheap AirBnB code
drop*D
p*id you spend a lot of time searching for that cheap flight ticket hoping to save some money, but then end up paying a load of money for the hotel or AirBnB instead? I’ve done that too. That comes from not planning things ahead and without experience. But that’s why I am here. One thing I need to let you know is that do not underestimate paying for AirBnBs, because they can add up to a big amount without you noticing. So you have to be careful what you are paying for as well as the quality of the place.
p*If you are the type that needs a good night sleep because that is how you refuel after a long day and you will not accept anything less than hotel quality, then AirBnB is definitely for you. However, when you book your place, make sure you read through the reviews. That’s where the truth lies. Do not trust the photos. I’ve lost count of how many times I made the mistake of booking the place just by looking at the description and the photos. Here’s a trick for you, aim for location far from the city, and invest in renting a car. Most of the time, the cost of renting a car and staying further from the city will be significantly lower than staying in the central. Also, there are many platforms to rent cars such as Car2Go or Turo which often have discounts if you rent for a long period of time.
p*But that’s not all. Renting an AirBnB is a mind game of itself. You have to be smart when booking a place and my advice is to not be too honest. That sounds really bad but hear me out. If you are planning to stay with 3 other friends, put down 2 people in total. The reason is that most of the time, one of you will not mind sleeping on the couch to pay less money and therefore, you save the other friends a lot of money as well. And most importantly, AirBnBs often have discounts if you book for longer periods. For example, if you are planning to stay for 5 days, try putting down 7 days aka a week. You’d be surprise that they will decrease the price of AirBnB and it will be cheaper than booking for 5 days.
p*Lastly, if you’re the type that does not care where you sleep as long as there is a bed, maybe AirBnB is not for you because it can be very expensive overall. There is something called couch-surfing, which is a global community who is willing to help travelers by offering their place for free. Since this is a self-created community, everyone helps each other out, so you also have to register to offer your place when other people come to your country as well. Given that, this is a great opportunity for you to save money and potentially make new friends. However, it can be expected that the security factor of these places is not verified by any standards. Therefore, I would suggest you use couch-surfing when you travel with a group of friends, not alone. Now that I’ve bestowed on you the knowledge that I’ve gathers after many years, go out there and enjoy your cheap vacation and thank me later!
date*April 11, 2020
quote*Here’s a trick for you, aim for location far from the city, and invest in renting a car. Most of the time, the cost of renting a car and staying further from the city will be significantly lower than staying in the central.
decription*AirBnb's nowadays cost as much as hotels and you are left with no choice but to spend a fortune to have a place to sleep. But here are some AirBnb tips that might help you in saving some coffee coins.
photo*https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1559599189-fe84dea4eb79?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjEyMDd9&auto=format&fit=crop&w=1950&q=80