title*Make the most out of your wait time at the airport
drop*Y
p*ou plan to escape your job to go to Paradise Island. You will be spending 2 weeks at a resort drinking wine and eating good food. Everything sounds so perfect and you can’t wait to start your vacation. But what about the part that you have to wake up at 3am to catch your flight? And the lay-over at an airport that seems to last forever? You want to take a nap but then you’re afraid to miss your fight? Waiting at the airport doesn’t have to be painful. In fact, in my humble opinion, waiting at the airport is part of the fun of travelling. Let me show you my tricks.
p*Let’s admit it, no one wants to arrive at the airport 30 minutes before boarding time. We all want to arrive at least an hour early to give some leeway. But then we have to face the fact that you have to wait. However, killing time at the airport doesn’t mean shopping at high-end stores and eating over-priced food. Make sure you check all your luggage so that there’s nothing else to worry about besides getting on the plane. Now we explore. I don’t know about you but I like to walk around the airport just for the sake of it. Especially the one that I go to often so that I know the secret corners, the clean bathrooms or even the quiet place to take a quick snooze.
p*After done all that and taken down notes, we hit the tax-free stores. But don’t get me wrong, we’re not shopping around, we’re stocking up on supplies. If you made the mistake of not bringing snacks in your carry-on, now is the time to get a redemption. I like to get my snacks at the tax-free stores. You don’t really save much money on tax, but who wants to pay $5 for a granola bar at the fancy department stores at the airport (Starbucks I am looking at you). After this, water. Make sure you bring an empty water bottle to go through customs, and then we can fill it up. This is important because you need to stay hydrated throughout your flight to have a good time. We all know that moment when you’re thirsty again but you don’t want to bother the flight attendants for more water because you just asked them half an hour ago.
p*Now we move on to a more interesting scenario: layovers. If your layover is longer than 5 hours, you need to continue reading. We leave out 2 hours for going through immigration, so we are left with at least 3 hours to kill. Here’s my secret: many airports have built-in showers. If you feel a little musky after a long flight and want to freshen up, go explore and find yourself a shower room. Finally, if you’ve been an efficient human-being and done all that and still have time to kill, then it is all up to you now. Now is the time to catch up on that book that you have not had time for months, or connect your phone to the airport wifi and Facetime your friends and family and brag about the fact that you are on vacation!
date*April 10, 2020
quote*Killing time at the airport doesn’t mean shopping at high-end stores and eating over-priced food. It's about taking advantage of the free services offered at the airport that not many people know.
description*Traveling is exciting but we all know that waiting at the airport is one of the most boring things during the trip. So let's make the best out of it. Who says we can't have fun while waiting to board our flight?
photo*https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1576603297621-a16841826595?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjEyMDd9&auto=format&fit=crop&w=1949&q=80