title*Are you looking for a cheap flight?
drop*O
p*ne thing that we can all agree on is that ticket prices decide when we travel. No one wants to travel in a time period when flight tickets double in price. Doesn’t it feel amazing when you get your hands on a cheap flight ticket? This happened to me once 2 years ago when I happened to find a ticket from Canada to Tokyo Japan for $500. After booking the ticket, I was still not sure if I was being pranked or I was dreaming because it definitely felt unreal. But no, I got to spend two weeks in Japan so it was not a hoax. How did I do that?
p*As an avid traveler, my phone is equipped with all the flight ticket search engines that exist. Though some of them only work half of the time. I have a couple of websites and applications that I hold dear to my heart as they were the reason why I got to travel to so many countries. The first one is RedFlagDeals. This website will be your best friend in any way possible. When you sign up, you can set your settings to alert you when there’s a drop in price in flight tickets to anywhere. If you are a flexible person who has the luxury of travelling whenever you want, this is a God-sent secret.
p*The second weapon is SkyScanner. If you like to travel you have probably heard of this application. It is a search engine that is so well-programmed that it satisfies all types of travelers out there. Whether you want to search for trips for a specific time period or any possible time of the year depending on the price, this engine will go through its database of prices and pull out the best option for you. You can filter your search to many things such as price, time, destinations, airlines, layover time, etc. the cherry on top is that this app doesn’t just support flight search, it also supports hotels and accommodation. How cool is that?
p*The last application is Kiwi. This was built by a Czech company that has many unique features to them. Its flight search is able to book your tickets with the same airline or divide it into different airlines to optimize the price, while leaving you enough time in between for you to go through customs of course. This is a great option for anyone who doesn’t mind checking their luggage multiple times to save more money. However, the best thing about Kiwi is that it is very active on cancellations and delays. They also have a coverage if your plane gets cancelled, which is an added bonus. Fortunately, I have not had to use it. And there we have it, this is some secrets I just shared with you that can potentially save you money and will probably encourage some of you to start travelling. Don’t let the cost of flights scare you from exploring the world!
date*April 11, 2020
quote*This happened to me once 2 years ago when I happened to find a ticket from Canada to Tokyo Japan for $500. It felt like as if I won in life.
description*There's nothing more satisfying than finding a $500 two-way flight ticket to Japan. Want to know the tricks? These apps are just exactly what you need
photo*https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1520333789090-1afc82db536a?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjEyMDd9&auto=format&fit=crop&w=1951&q=80