title*How to keep your skin clear while travelling?
drop*T
p*ravelling is fun, but sometimes your skin does need some pampering while you are enjoying your vacation. We all know that our skin goes through a lot when we go on the plane, travel to a different time zone with a different atmosphere. Of course, the last thing you would want is to take photos with not clear skin. In this article, let me show you my quick tips on how to maintain your clear skin while travelling because we all deserve to be at our best mood and not be discouraged by some spontaneous pimples.
p*No matter if you have a meticulous skin care regime or you use hand soap to wash your face, what I am about to tell you will give you the general necessary information to keep in mind, then you can apply that to your own skin care routine. There are certain things you have to pay attention to when it comes to taking care of your skin: cleaning, hydration, exfoliation and sun screen. These are the 4 important aspects of a routine that you have to maintain no matter where you are. I will go into details below.
p*The first factor is pretty self-explanatory: cleaning. Travelling means you will be outside most of the time. Your skin then will be exposed to many things, dirt included. Therefore, when you get back to your hotel after a long day out, make sure to take off your makeup and wash your face. Do not go to bed with makeup on. The makeup harbors dirt throughout the day and will clog your pores during the night if you don’t wash it off. After cleaning, moisturizing your skin is also very essential. When we go to a different country with different time zone and weather, your skin will go through some adjustment time and will be stressed out. You do not want to irritate it even more. Therefore, make sure you moisturize your skin to give it a nice layer of hydration.
p*This next thing is often neglected by many people: exfoliation. Exfoliating is hands down a step in your skin care routine that you must not skip. Bring a chemical exfoliator with you when you travel. It can be AHA or BHA less than 10%. You don’t have to do it every night, and you are not suggested to. Do it once a week. That is enough to take off all the dead skin and allow your skin to regenerate. And then finally, sunscreen. I cannot stress enough the importance of protecting your skin against the sun because it can lead to so many long-term damages. When you travel, it is very likely that you will stay outside under the sun. Therefore, make sure you apply sunscreen and reapply every 3-4 hours. And so we have it, these are the things you have to keep in mind to bring along with you while you travel. You don’t have to worry about the hassle of serums and masks (these things can wait till after you get back from vacation). Now enjoy your vacation and say bye to breakouts!
date*April 11, 2020
quote*When we go to a different country with different time zone and weather, your skin will go through some adjustment time and will be stressed out. You do not want to irritate it even more.
description*Weather change, dry air in the plane, jetlag, lack of sleep, all the right reasons for your skin to freak out
photo*https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1531895861208-8504b98fe814?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjEyMDd9&auto=format&fit=crop&w=1950&q=80